README.md, before:

# ![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/woozier/woogedownload/wooz/img/logo.png)
## Contributing

Feel free to contribute to this website, like fixing any spelling errors or any other errors that you encounter. 

Any fixes will gladly be accepted. Please contact me at woozie#5981 on discord if you are interested in being a collaborator, then we'll talk about it.

EDIT: We dont need any collaborators, we have too many...

## Disclaimer

Unless stated otherwise, I am not the creator nor intellectual owner of a file on my downloads page. If you want a takedown of your file, contact me or other collaborators on our [discord](https://discord.gg/ekgkWewQxa).

## How was this made?
My friend said something about saving files in his USB drive and then make a download server, i had a idea of a download site.

The name was Catload (short for Catdownload). Yeah it was pretty dumb.

Then, [Hedy](https://github.com/Hedy88) said he wanted to do something with the base HTML. So i made a repo for this.

[billygoat891](https://github.com/billygoat891) said he would help.

Then, i made 2 branches, and billy made one.

His branch is now the default one.

Commit message:

Add information on project death

README.md, after:

# ![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NanderTGA/woogedownload/wooz/img/logo.png)

## DISCLAIMER - ABANDONED
This is the code of a long abandoned project, which I also worked on myself.

This repository was originally owned by [woozier](https://github.com/woozier), but he transferred it over to me some time after the project died.

The rest of this readme file was also written by him.

This project was originally hosted on woogedownload.billygoat891.tk, but billy got rid of the subdomain.

The project is now available [here](https://woogedownload.github.io)

\- [NanderTGA](https://github.com/NanderTGA)

## Contributing

Feel free to contribute to this website, like fixing any spelling errors or any other errors that you encounter. 

Any fixes will gladly be accepted. Please contact me at ~~woozie#5981~~ NanderTGA#0367 on discord if you are interested in being a collaborator, then we'll talk about it.

EDIT: We dont need any collaborators, we have too many...

EDIT by NanderTGA: This is project is dead, so don't bother.

## Disclaimer

Unless stated otherwise, I am not the creator nor intellectual owner of a file on my downloads page. If you want a takedown of your file, contact me or other collaborators on our [discord](https://discord.gg/nFwDaR6Hqt).

EDIT by NanderTGA: This discord server got completely nuked by [woozier](https://github.com/woozier) himself, so don't expect to find a lot of people in there.

## How was this made?
My friend said something about saving files in his USB drive and then make a download server, i had a idea of a download site.

The name was Catload (short for Catdownload). Yeah it was pretty dumb.

Then, [Hedy](https://github.com/Hedy88) said he wanted to do something with the base HTML. So i made a repo for this.

[billygoat891](https://github.com/billygoat891) said he would help.

Then, i made 2 branches, and billy made one.

His branch is now the default one.
